{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Things that can go terribly wrong \
Disease\
Machinery falls doen \
Power plants decy\\a\
Civil war\
\
\
\
\
\
\
This is the moment tat she starts to understand the role of the crazy making that John Z Ellenbogen is putting down. She at first has some problems getting people to believe her, but her Piratography skills help her to convince people and get them to support her \
\
\
They came down the stairs to look at the new world that just augmented the old one. \
\
It as not what was expected. Shocker. \
\
The priuses and bikes now shared the road with  horse drawn carts and wagons with wheels that usually were only used as chandeliers in the mid range steak houses. Their iron casings rang on the cobbles, causing the usual city music to be a cacophony that had minor and major wind chime notes going through it.\
\
No one seemed to notice. There was no confusion on the faces of the people s they continues through their day. There were still bikes of shiny metal next to pennyfarthjings and bikes that looked as though they had been built by some Mad Maxmillian , throwing showers of sparks as they went about their day. \
\
\
Lea and Ben looked at each other, and and shrugged, \
\
Ben said "Well, at least we get to keep the cars.  Half of SW is gone tho. "\
\
Lea looked up and the huge pink skyscraper that tended to house the Ellenbogen space was replaced by an ornate victorian that covered the same footage, but more closely resembled the Addams family house in a shade of shocking pink that would make Danielle Steele blush. The gables and the fretwork were a deep purple that thrw the blush of it into sharp relief. The windows were all open, and a sound she could not quite identify issued from behind the wavery lace curtains. \
\
Since she had a meeting with Mr. E at 2 there, she decided that the only way this was going to be viable was to accept this as bizarre and continue forward \
Ben came to the same conclusion, as he was a pragmatist- it was what bonded the two of them most closely, their view of the world as something to be dealt with as it was, not as they wished it would be. \
\
\
They went upstairs, finished their coffee and checked to see if their were still phone use. There was, and they kissed goodbye and went their separate ways, planning to meet later and discuss what happened during the day. \
\
Lea had put her Piratologist outfit on- it consisted of a pith helmet and suit that would bot have been out of place in the deepest jungles of Africa, circa 1890. Given the changes of today, she figured this might actually be a better thng. SOmetimes her piratology was regarded as quack science, especially by the ducks, Her view was that everything old is new again, so she basically went back through history to utilize what happened in the past 200 years to solve the problems of today \
\
Piratology for the cause of urban renewal swashbuckled it's ay through the world. It looked at the problems of homelessness, hunger, social justice and theft as the normal outgrowth of a nuturing society. Since these problems were complex and fraught with confusing, Piratical practitioners used swords, cannons and the occassional plank to get get the world to step to the proper tune. \
\
Mr Ellenbogen was a target for this- his lack of care for the health of the planet was problematic because there was nothing that stopped people from polluting things, and destroying the earth around them with their crap. Tossing shit into a dumpster, and then dumping it somewhere close to where people lived was acceptable somehow. \
\
She had become a Piratologist because she was tired of watching teh world her children would live in slowly degenerate. She knew that the only way to fix the future as to go past the past, and change the way that things worked. This was no mean feat, give the amount of terrible things that the corporations were willing to do in the service of the almighty dollar. }