{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs72 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf0 *********************************************
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf0 \'93 i don\'92t beleive in love, or anything that looks like love. It all pretty much boils down to who\'92s taking advantage of who that week. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf0 Rando pontificated as he stood on the corner, surrounded by his trolly compadres. They sat on a block that was owned by the Ellenbogen Corporation.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf0 It was dominated by the pink mirrored building that held 760 stories of ice cubed hell, all of them individually boxed and wrapped.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf0  At one point in the history of the town no one was supposed to extend the UGB to encompass the sky- but the Ellecorp as it was affectionately known put a stop to that by turning all their contractors to milliners and haberdashers. Under the ancient laws as long as there was the making of hats, there could be any height of building. Plus, as there had not been the ability to make an almost three mile high building back then, no one thought to say no. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf0 \'93I was an orphan before there were my parents! I was a king of the sewers before the holes were dug- I am the emperor of all that will or ever will be. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf0 His coterie stared at him with widened eyes- he was indeed the King of The Rats, Shaman of the sidewalks, magnate of the pickpocketeers as they were known. Their con was all about finding people who were deep inside their devices, incoherently tapping away to unseen people. the things that they found in their pockets were of an epic and interesting combinations. 
\b At times they pulled a hand out with fingers full of fish hooks, but only when the fishing boats bulging with sea sturgeon \'a0came into town.
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf0 Otherwise this was a somewhat comprehensive list- they pulled out scarves and jingly coins and fingers and a dildo stil aviibrating, wallets ,phones ,a bag of \'a0magic mushrooms, a pocket full of dirt, a gold nugget a small pony, 7 lords a leaping and 12 ladies dancing, a monster made of wood shavings and spit that danced the tango with all comers, a foundling, a lostling, a theory of relativity and \'a0the occasional beast of burden.Sometimes when they went into a particularly deep pocket there was Jimmy Hoffa, or at least his ghost. Bright as day he would glower at them, and have to be shoved back into the pocket for the self preservation of all involved. \
\
\
\
They stopd there at the threshold of the corporate world hoping to catch a glimpse of the man behind the mask. JMQ the Zth would occasionally appear on the balcony, Juan Peron style , hoping to see a mass of adoring fans below. \
\
They looked up and saw the mural of Yumanity. Yumanity was the spokesmonster for Badvice. Badvice was being marketed as the \'93answer to all your problems\'94\
\
Manju scoffed \'93Look at that guy- he thinks he\'92s all that. \
\
Isolde was equally unimpressed. She had problems that no one knew about, and there wasn\'92t going to be an \
\
Rando and his crew were hoping to figure out what exactly this guy was doing. The people around them were becoming less and less sensible. This was illustrated by the fact that they did not look both ways, they ate food that was terrible for them and they asked for things that did not exist. \
}