{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\i\b\fs30 \cf0 Ben and Leah in the helltunnels of Politics /\'94The Bus\'94 /Darcelle/The hood taken over 
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \

\f0\i\b\fs30 Scene , no plot push 
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \

\f0\i\b\fs30 Character intro - young lovers? 
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Following Ben down the path. Again. \'a0Been doing it since I was 5.To be fair, he also followed me about the same amount. The 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 He looked back at me, smiling his gap toothed grin and said just before his bald head dissappeared down the black hole " One does not need to put a hand on the stove to know that fire burns" .
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0  \'a0The middle of my left foot welcomed the feeling of \'a0the third down rung. The rust encrusted sewer cap sat at a slight angle far enough away from the hole that it couldn't possibly accidentally end up sealing us in by mistake.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The sound of voices echoing and re- echoing off the wall made the three foot across \'a0pipe even more claustrophobic.Now that I couldn't see my feet they \'a0occupied another world somewhere, unattached to my legs yet carrying me along.The rest of me felt elongated .
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The clang of Ben's boots on the ladder confirmed I was going in the right direction, so I soldiered on.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Once we cleared the edge of the tunnel I could feel the wind blowing between my legs. There was a 5 foot drop to a 2 foot wide stream, or the rest of the ladder that curved along the wall. My shoulders yearned towards the wall and I shook the rest of the way down off as my feet landed in a shallow puddle
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 A faint phosphorescence lit up the chamber, showing me where Ben was standing.He had one eyebrow so high it practically rucked his entire face 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Lined up against the far wall were 7 men in tasteful suits and red ties. They seemed to be led by an orange hued man who was spouting invective at them.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 " Women, vote , teaparty teaparty, GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN....."
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 They grunted at him as one, one hand placed on the shoulder of the man next to him. There was a zealot's light in their eyes, burning holes in the being in front of them who continued to babble nonsense.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
}