{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\i\b\fs30 \cf0 Rando the two wheeled larcenist Steals a bike and intoduces himself to us 
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \

\f0\i\b\fs30 Exposition and defines as a mystical thing /Portland as character?
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 once- just once mind you. Not twice or three times. Just the once. At this time. And at no other. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 There was a bike thief named Rando
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 He stole all that was precious to the heart of man. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 He slept under the overpass, beating his weathered gaze all the way up the concrete turrets \'a0iit every night \'a0by the headlights of those on their way to things he had no experience with.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Watching those who wandered round him like endless small ants- unloved and untested , they ran in ugly circles, wishing for some sign that any of this was worth it.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 He proved to them they did care by using the cover of night over his long greyed head 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 to take their chariots
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Easily tho- he gentled the locks and finessed the frame. Confident as a courtesan,
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 his strong, gnarled hands touched their love , stealing the known away with fingers so ligth they flew. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Nimbly, they left the safe house of the in love and hurried off into the night, tucked between his oaken thighs that plowed through the clouds of steamy fog that enveloped the city. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 He reached his tent, tucked under the overpass. Neatly squared it held all he needed. This bike was so light he could heft it in with one hand. After putting it in the back he looked about for his own safety. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Honor was not among thieves anymore 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
}