{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Rando and the Ice Queen 
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0 \cf0 I have no history, she said. None whatever. There is no long thin line of remembrance and regret that ties me to the earth.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 He leaned back against the tombstone n the garden of death. It was a cemetery situated at the top of Skyline, looking over the city. The rolling hills sloped sharply off to one side, giving the dearly departed a cinematic view of the bridges and houses that lay beneath the fog blanket,  like  the legs of the duck, serene on top and whirling madly underneath\
\
The girl wasn\'92t really a girl- she was one of those  beings  with lines that mapped every place she had been at the corners of her mouth and eyes, the two things that got the most use. She was lovely nonetheless, her silver-gray hair slipping gently into the crook of her collarbone as if suggesting that his hand may trail after, feeling the skin that had not seen summers and the hair that was spun like the silk of spiders. \
\
Rando wanted very much to kiss her. He felt that might give her something to remember, even if it was only surprise and shock that such a man would take a liberty. \
\
\'93How do you tie your shoes or get to the bottom of the ocean? \'93\
\
She meditated on that question, cocking her head with a look of general anesthesia just shaken off. \'93I have not needed to tie my shoes in a while as she pushed her feet out from under her flowing peacock gown. They were long and thin and white, consistent with the rest of her. The thing that was a bit surprising were the prehensile toes, shaped with icicle nails that sparkled in the weak reflection of sun that broke through the grey fog that lay uncorking and disinterested at the feat of the garden. \
\
They wiggled at him, momentarily distracting him from his purpose in finding out what this being wanted of him.  \
\
His blonde grey  curls caught the light that always sat on death\'92s garden. He came up here every so often to commune with nature, outside the Urban Growth Boundary- the UGB was a both a prison and a protection, a spot where the world both started and ended at the horizon. \
\
This place did not grow death- it maintained it, keeping souls gently.\
\
\
The pickpocketeers gravestone was where he come, to mourn his fallen colleagues . Manju, Jerome and Isolde lay not under these solid marble statues, but in the belly of an air whale , It had eaten them during a particularly wild jousting party that was held underneath the bridge where Rando lived, the air Whales \
\
\
\
He reached out a hand to touch her - his hands were  filled with interesting callouses and smart fingers. She sighed as though he had already stroked her.\
\
\
\
History, she said. That word has a lot of things  it means he said. \
\
\'93Well\'94- she used the moss of the gravestone of M.Bartlett, 1867-1902 to cushion her back as she sat up and looked him in the eye- \'93history is one of those things that is written and re-written -\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs26 \cf0 and if you are going to change history of course it would be to suit yourself .....you'd be foolish to do otherwise\'94 
\f0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\'93Hmph\'94 he said. \
\'93Hmph \'93 she said back, face smiling and one eyebrow raised. \
\
\
Once that long thin line has been broken there is little to say. Or perhaps that is when things actually start getting interesting. \
\
\
He thought about telling her more- but she grabbed his hair and kissed him. It seared. It left him breathless within breaths. There was a  mark involved. \
\
His arms pulled her in, and hers pulled back. \
\
\
\
\
*****************************************************\
\
\
\
\
. \
\
Why is she fucking him? \
What purpose does it serve (in the story itself) \
Who is doing this? \
When does this happen in the story?\
Where does this happen- }