{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red9\green47\blue157;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Play_(theatre)"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf2 Plays}}
\f0\fs28  of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theatre_of_ancient_Greece"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ancient Greek theatre}} always included a chorus that offered a variety of background and summary information to help the audience follow the performance. They commented on themes, and, as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/August_Wilhelm_Schlegel"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 August Wilhelm Schlegel}} proposed in the early 19th century to subsequent controversy, demonstrated how the audience might react to the drama.\cf2 [3]\cf0  In many of these plays, the chorus expressed to the audience what the main characters could not say, such as their hidden fears or secrets. The chorus often provided other characters with the insight they needed.\super [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf2 \nosupersub citation needed}}]
\f1 \nosupersub \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
Th e philosoraptor- a being that lives undereath the mounatin and spoyt poetic and noetic discsuuions on teh meaning of life. he is the arch nemesis of Rando the bike theifand they have been playing cat and mouse and air while for many many years. It gets to a point whenre ellenbogen is trying to take over the whole place and they need to join forces to rescue the world \
\
The philo already has an origin story \
\
the snowman (yeti) will be his servanct and double \
\
\
Are the pickpocketeers- they are three guys who were crushed bt one ov the ellen bogen trucks and they are ghosts of homies- this enables them to move their way through things and beat up old people without really being too bad a fella \
\
\
\
artin uses them as a shield against his terrible corporate captores (or they foil his attempt to kill things by pushing him around )\
\
\
\
\
\
e himself is one of those guys who js a total ahole bbut doesn't know hit- he doesn't know how or why he is this wau, he kjust is after having eveyrthing handed to him all his life he doesn't understand that the world is a mean and ugly place, His first bounds with fear and the final recognition that other peipke are indeed people is one of the highlights of the story arc \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \'93 i don\'92t beleive in love, or anything that looks like love. It all pretty much boils down to who\'92s taking advantage of who that week. \
\
Rando pontificated as he stood on the corner, surrounded by his trolly compadres. They sat on a block that was owned by the Ellenbogen Corporation.\
\
It was dominated by the pink mirrored building that held 760 stories of ice cubed hell, all of them individually boxed and wrapped.\
\
 At one point in the history of the town no one was supposed to extend the UGB to encompass the sky- but the Ellecorp as it was affectionately known put a stop to that by turning all their contractors to milliners and haberdashers. Under the ancient laws as long as there was the making of hats, there could be any height of building. Plus, as there had not been the ability to make an almost three mile high building back then, no one thought to say no. \
\
\'93I was an orphan before there were my parents! I was a king of the sewers before the holes were dug- I am the emperor of all that will or ever will be. \
\
\
His coterie stared at him with widened eyes- he was indeed the King of The Rats, Shaman of the sidewalks, magnate of the pickpocketeers as they were known. Their con was all about finding people who were deep inside their devices, incoherently tapping away to unseen people. the things that they found in their pockets were of an epic and interesting combinations. 
\f3\b At times they pulled a hand out with fingers full of fish hooks, but only when the fishing boats bulging with sea sturgeon \'a0came into town.
\f2\b0 \
\
Otherwise this was a somewhat comprehensive list- they pulled out scarves and jingly coins and fingers and a dildo stil aviibrating, wallets ,phones ,a bag of \'a0magic mushrooms, a pocket full of dirt, a gold nugget a small pony, 7 lords a leaping and 12 ladies dancing, a monster made of wood shavings and spit that danced the tango with all comers, a foundling, a lostling, a theory of relativity and \'a0the occasional beast of burden.Sometimes when they went into a particularly deep pocket there was Jimmy Hoffa, or at least his ghost. Bright as day he would glower at them, and have to be shoved back into the pocket for the self preservation of all involved. \
\
\
\
They stopd there at the threshold of the corporate world hoping to catch a glimpse of the man behind the mask. JMQ the Zth would occasionally appear on the balcony, Juan Peron style , hoping to see a mass of adoring fans below. \
\
Rando and his crew were hoping to figure out what exactly this guy was doing. The people around them were becoming less and less sensible. This was illustrated by the fact that they did not look both ways, they ate food that was terrible for them and they asked for things that did not exist. 
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
}