{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Yumanity stood with his back to the moon. He was 25 feet high and 75 wide- not fast, but solid. He had taken his hands and wrapped them around neck of the ice queen, and slowly pulled them together. It broke her neck but not her spirit. It was that which had called to all of the night creatures to avenge her - her frost babies slid down from the top of the mountain on their bellies- teeth bared, they could smell yumanity\'92s blood warming the snow round him, causing the steam to rise and obscure him. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Yumanity wasn\'92t a moral quandary- he was spat from between the legs of the purple coffin ghost and then sent out to the world to engage and enrage the child of man. He teased the sentient by being a no-see-um- there but not there- alive but not of this earth. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 In the wrestling match for the powers of the world- he was the referee.\
\
Yumanity lived above the treeling  in a cabin made of the bones of stars. Fallen from the sky he had collected them over the millenia, slowly stacking them higher and higher, allowing the forest detritus to fill in the spaces between. Inside those spaces he used the grout of age and decay, the stubborn tooth decay of the ass of the long ears, the tears of reindeer sailing over the tundra \
\
\
\
 He had a small window made of their bones, their hair plaited into red and blonde curtains that let in some light . When he awoke each day he greeted the sun with a roar, a maw so big and deep that he had accidentally swallowed the sun on several occasions- this is what made the area around the mountain so dark.The sun was no dummy. He would keep it in his belly for a time, because even Yumanity became cold is left out there too long. It would rise heat from his chest, allowing his ears and his face to burn a lovely shade of burnt siennna touched with orange. \
\
\
After he tired of eating fire he would spit it out again- that was why the moon waxed and waned on this corner of the world . The sun would come out his eyes and jewelled horns, reflecting all that was or could be. He was the true arbiter of the time and space continuum.  \
\
But he was one to play both ends against the middle. The Ice Queen had been his lover, which was why he killed her to begin with. There is no love that does not shatter the object, the subject and the predicate.\
\
He and the Ice Queen had loved with all the capacity of the otherworldly- trees had fallen and made new pieces of the landscape- bent doubles the rivers had changed courses over the arguments with the mountains about where the stream of the glacier should go. \
\
Their faces or hands chance meeting in the silence of the thunderless summer storms would rend the  earth, causing chasms wide and angry to open and swallow all for 5 miles on either side. It was that, that feeling that death would finally claim him that caused him to claim her life. Sending her to Hephastues to toil in the heats of hell was a delaying tactic at best. He  would be avenged upon n at some point, when he was not watching, when he had another lover to share his bed. \
\
The ice queen loved him because his fire matched her own- and she too was indifferent to the lies of the human. They were lesser, not of the world that she existed in, not of use in any way. \
}