{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 John Quincy Madison Zephyr Ellenbogen the Zth was a man who lied. He did it on Saturdays. On the 12\super th\nosupersub  night. On the last day of work. When there was nothing to be won or lost, JQ would  fabricate, prevaricate, extrapolate and fornicate the truth so far up the bum that it could not be discerned even with an electron microscope. Of course, he would also do it when there were things to be  gotten down from the three ball shelf in the great carnival that we mention as life. \
\
He had been communicating in this way for so long he was incapable of the truth. \
\
\
How JQ Got here - Origin \
\
\
Why did this scion of an insaely wealthy family use the trusth as toilet paper? What was it abotu the cold bare facts that incensed him so, that made him unable to argue without citig false surveys and debating with people by using words that were in no dittionary? The problem here was that when he was a child, even when he told the truth he was not beleived. His wealthy , beautoiful parents were less than inpressed by the rounded ball of a chiled that had spat from their loins. Beleiveng him to be a trhowback to their earthier ancestors. and his father suspected that he was a not his anywa (a misconception, but his mother had been boinking the chaffeur around teh time taht he was conceived. Not that his father cared so much, as he had married his wife as a concession to his parents. \
\
\
As his father Juliiao Ignatiusa the Yth was on his 7th marriage at the time, he no longer beleived in what love looked like, and settled quite happily for corn dogs and the occcasional raiders game. He would ask his currrent brde, one Alphesa Ellenbgen, nee SwainFeller to wear a raiders jersey and a pair of big black boots, stommping about the great room with  great alacrity and and even greater silver platter of pizza corn dogs, not from the kosher butcher.Given this , while they mated with great vigor on occassion due to their overload of carbs and the excitememtn of the winnings of the men in spandex, it was without any actual conversation. They knew that they existed in the house, but rarely if ever actually spoke to one another when in the house. \
\
\
So when the zygote was pierced during (inzert game time) the play that (insert famous football player) , it was with indifference and some minor  explosions. Julao put it down to gas, and Alphesa had long since ceased to expect her rumble in the jungle. \
\
So it was with great surprise that with rthe coming of baseball season she found herself with child, encciente, bun in the over, great, puffy with promise and enlarged with  a bumpkin. \
\
Julao was not overly concerned. All that money resulted in a sofetneing of any shocking knews with cusions of wads of cash tossed at it . And the house, which occuped one entire park block in Downtown Portland was large enough that he could successfully avoid bothmother and child until at least kindergarten, which he proceeded to do. \
\
Alphesa took slighly more interest, but not by much. Her chaffeuur had the abilitty to both find and manipulate her clitoral region with an impressive ability generally only found n the sex addict or the person who is geenuinely in love with smeone who is not in love with them back. \
\
This kept her oocupped even during the pregance , up to the mmoemnt when the    contratcions started. JQ was only a a few hours behinfg the last bout of lovemacking, and so his exit was greased by excessive amounts of foreign jizz. HIs mother did think that may have had something to do with his lifelong expressionn f just having drank something made of lemon and bitters, even as he popped out og the womb. He also looked somewhat like somene whoucfl have handed him a cigar, or pergaps a pipe after he made his arrival. His father was in Gsataad. Then again, all wealthy fathers made it a point to be in Gstaad at that ttime, and therefore he had plenty of people to share the imported cuban cigars handroled by Castro's bastard children \
\
\
So after a lifetime of Daddy in gstaad and mummy almots nonexistent, he had learned that the ability to connect with the rest f the world was greatly limited by the lack of communications he'd had. When he entered third grade after being home schooled, he spoke a form of ersatz italian, so as to avoid actually speaking with the children around him that seemed to know each otheer. This became his mode e=of engagement and eventually became a mania- teh desire to warp reality so that it looked best on him was pathological, making him use the blow torch of lies on the butter of the innocent with such regularity that even those who knew how he operated trembled when he looked upon them, for fear he would smashe theor perfectly healthy and well beheved reputations like a heavy milk bottle against cobblestones. \
\
So being the child of the wealthy gave him much tme to kill. They had both eventually passed in the inevitable high powered vehicle accident, him on motorized snowboard, her on a mechanical bull in the Memphis locarion of Dave and busters.\
\

\b Wordss that he makes up 
\b0 \

\b Using them in conversation\

\b0 Timeing \
Insulting people with does he know he\'92s lying? \
\
\
\
\
\
Scorning any capability of their only offspring to be practical, they had left the fortune in trust for the rest of his life, ot be doled out in dollops so large it would take most of a small nation of at least a million to spend it all. He did manage to evince a lifelng hatred of dogs, primarily because they could never question his lies and but would also know that he was full of shit. Given that the only job he had for rthe Ellenbogen familyw was to appear as an ambassador for crunchettes , a type of dog food sold in all conveniece stores in every single place in the entire world. It was made of shredded waste from all tyes of industrical agriculture. While it wasn't great for dogs, ita lso wasn't the worst thing you could feed them when it was 12 degrees out and the walk to the store was the only option when the car died. Hence the millions and millions of dollars. \
\
Of course, the ellenbogen fortune was made of many other things, but this was the one that he had been put in charge of. He was, as they say, mostly harmless because of his percied nd real stupidity. So after many many years of being forced to go to dog shows where all kinds of cana slobbered on him, he truly hated them with a passion that knew almost no bounds. \
\
So he plotted. He sat in the top window of the Park Block mansion watching the lessers wander by. Them with their true lives lived in the real and imagined past. Them in their coupled and friended lives, connected to each other and actually listening to one another. Hmph he said- hmph. How could he hurt them if they did not listen to him? He had a lifetime of anger stored up at his pressed against the window world. Just because he lied didn't mean he didn't want some of them to be true. \
\
His favorite lie to tell was about how loved he was by all who encountered him. He only told that one to himself, as that was the one who cared abut that one. When he explained to all others that he was a fabulosus and interesting human being, accpted in all the best clubs, adored by Selena and Christia fans aloke, a trused by baboes and onsters- well that wasn't so true But one day he decided that he was going to make it that way. That was the day that he decided to murder history. \
\
In all it\'92s exactitude. In all it\'92s glory In every single way, he was going to make it go away and be re-written by the likes of him. \
\
SInce his band of sycophants left him at the process moment when the loneliness and sobriety struck, he took the crossing of that those moments to be he ancient and pre- selected reality. Yes, it was then that he decided to form an unholy alliance with the Philosoraptor, whose services could be purchased for a price. \
\
He picked up his divice, a thin palladium encased phone with a sensor that when you passed the  correct hand over it it spawned a two d  visual of the being you were speaking to. \
\
Given that the being was Yumanity, who lived above the treelike and communicated via alpha wave , it was wise of him to stick with two d. The third d would enable even a smaller version of him would undoubtedly destroy the carpet in the boardroom. \
(Break and intro Rando and  the Ice queen?) \
***********************************\
Even the 2D Yumanity was a bit disturbing. Several jeweled horns stuck out at angles that made no sense for a more symmetrical being. His lazy eye and his hard working one competed for space on a face that looked creepy crawly con trolly at best, the emergence of the death. \
\
\
\'93You rang, oh deep pocketed one? \'93 Yumanity drawled in his best imitation of deep south .\
\
\'93Why yes, ahem errr- I  have a job for you\'94 \
\
\'93Will you ever just invite me to tea? \'93 \
JMQ was startled by this plaint- he took it more seriously than it was worth. \
\
\'93Oh er em - I didn\'92t know you liked tea \'93\
\
Yumanity threw his head back and laughed heartily at JMQ\'92 expense. \
\
\'93Tea with the likes of you is perhaps not the best thing to do- but perhaps not the worst\'94\
\
He suddenly appeared in the boardroom albeit in a slightly smaller form than usual . At 1/3 his general size he was still enormous. \
\
\'93WHere is my lapsing souhng? \
JMQ struck a bell with a gong- a small man wearing a suit of mail entered, bearing a silver salver with the implements of tea upon it. After depositing it on the boardroom table it moonwalked out, showing no other signs that it had noted the beast that took up 3/4 of the room. While it was hard to get good help these days, it was easy when you paid triple for it. \
\
\'93Let me guess- you want to kill all and sundry again. It seems to be what you try to do every year. \'93\
\
\'93I feel it is time to kill history and replace it with memory\'94 \
\
Yumanity threw back his head and laughed- \'93That is easy- I already did it for you\'85.\'94\
\
JMQ shook his head- \'93She is back, the Ice Queen. She is trying to drag the Reality Kings back in - you know what will happen then, \
\
Yumanity sighed, disgusted. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \'93You've done it this time haven't you?\'94\
\
JMQ sniffed. His verbal acuity should not be challenged by this yeti monster, this arrogant beast of will. \
\
\
"I suppose you had a better idea, just murdeing history willy nilly, yet not truly finishing the job and leaving her to roam unfettered?" \
\
\
Yumanity was disgusted with the truth of this matter- So he doubled down and sent small puffs of smoke out of his antlers and through his nose. Noisome did not even begin to cover it. The boardroom now was covered with a low level smoke cloud that outdid sulfur and a post world series dumpster for stench. \
\
\
\
He laughed a bit " What ever shall we do? Destroying the past seems like a thing that should be relatively easy- the question is which parts of it are we going to decimate? Shall we scrunch it into small bits like spitballs? Shall we eat it live and whole , still wriggling from the tank? Shall we just feed it to the pike that lives at the mouth of the Willamette? "\
\
JMQ walked the geometric pattern of the rug- one foot in front of the other, he concentrated on seeing it so hard that it dissolved at the end of his nose. 
\f0\fs36 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
I suppose if we are to murder the past we should choose a specific part- that seems to be a bit easier than \
\
\
\
\
}