{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue28;\red10\green0\blue109;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The bike was long and lean and hugged the curb as though it had grown there. The floweres threaded through it's spokes were unrra as was the shade of bright vermillion it was enamelled with. It stood high and proud next to the curb, a helmet hanging off the left handle bar. The locks that secured it to the fence werre intricate- made of iridescent clam shells they winked at him in complicity, knowing they weere going for a ride. A short ride to the next incarnation, but since the bike was buddhist it cared not all of such things \
\
\
To disconnect from the outcome- to see so far down the well that it seems to circle all the way through the molten core of the world out the other side, through the atmosphere to the endless silently humming stars to end up at the back of the head that started the circle, watching from over the shoulder, knowing that the sounds it heard were only the beating of the blood in the veins that tied the body together. \
\
That was whagtt could save the biker the knowledge that they could mount up an where they ended up was of little to no imprtantce. Hence the need to ride with the world at bay \
\
The Celestial buddha was what powered the bike- the self reliance and self power - and the fact that nothing ultimately has existence- crossed over to the rubber and metal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520

\f1\fs42 \cf2 n existentialism, the individual's starting point is characterized by what has been called "the existential attitude", or a sense of disorientation and confusion in the face of an apparently meaningless or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absurdism"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 absurd}} world.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existentialism#cite_note-Robert_C._Solomon_1974.2C_pp._1-5"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf3 [5]}} Many existentialists have also regarded traditional systematic or academic philosophies, in both style and content, as too abstract and remote from concrete human experience.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existentialism#cite_note-6"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf3 [}}}