{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 I charged but was never paid. I fell asleep before collecting. Colonel Cardoza took care of it. It mostly worked out.\
\
After he approached me, we decided  he was going to take on the risks-  including atstanding by the door as I had my trysts with men who liked banging women asleep. It wasn't as though I was using my southern hemisphere for anything. It was just there, buried under the sleeping beauty outfit, mostly disinterested.\
\
\
\
 the ability to get up when I was almost always ass down was not conducive to the college experience.\
\
\
The street was off the main drag in a small town in PA . \
\
Don\'92t get married he says again.\
\
\'93And why not?   \'93 I responded with genuine curiosity\
\
\'93You\'92ll miss out on great opportunities\'94 \
\
\
\
The narcolepsy  had done some crazy things to my hypnopompic and hypnogogic states- the moments when you are trying to awaken and the moments you are trying to sleep are the ones where you make  sense of what you just saw on the nightmare stage of your mind .So I just sort of went around in a fog. \
\
\
No secrets were told, no intimacy truly shared- it was once of those maintanance things that people with power and money pay for- just a scratch of a very expensive itch. It was 10 K a pop to fuck a dead /sleeping girl- I got half . Later, I discovered that the colonel was charging 15K to the foreigners who had better exchange rates .\
\
  Nothing in my life had prepared me for the insanity of essentially being retired at 32 and having another 50 years of sleepwalking to get through\
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolph_Ziggler}