{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 The woman had kind eyes . Her hair was the color of crow, and hung in two long plaits over the shoulders of her fashionable yet timeless jacket. As she came up the porch I stood up , none too steady as my hypno and gogic  stattii still needed some work.\
\
"My name is Stella RunswithElk - Ms. Beauty I presume? "\
\
I laughed at the Livingstone bit- \'93Ms RunsWithEllkk, what can I do for your today?\'94 \
\
What she needed was the final pieces to the bill for the apache nation. She was the wife of the Senator who had died mid thrust. She knew about me and was cool with that- she had her own braves to bounce on since they had been living a marriage of political convenience. \
\
\
We spent the afternoon talking about the things that he had told me, and the fact that I had very little other stuff in my brain due to it\'92s special circumstances allowed me to chapter and verse it for her. \
\
\'93Did he ever talk about me? \'93 She asked with a bashful look. \
\
\'93No I am afraid not. I was only awake for seven minutes at a time then- not a lot of time to chat. \'93\
\
\
Satisfied, she took off into the afternoon dusk and told me she would be in touch. \
\
\
\
\
After she went before the congressional panel and argued successfully for the measure that funded the Apache nation reclamation bill, she talked about how she came by the end of the information. My story received national positive recognition, and it turned  out famous talk show host Jimmy Kimmel , who also had narcolepys was having a panel of famous narcoleptics on his hsow. I sat up there with people as widely known as Jinx Monsoon, Doctor Church from  harvard,who was mapping the genome and decided I would make a great test subject and Ntassja Kinski, whom I compared outfit notes with.. After 6 months with him, I was almost cured - I could stay awake 8 hours at a time! A combination of Modinafil and Stumptown coffee made me able to be almost a real girl. \
\
Which still left me with 49 years to go.  \
\
When yet another shady character decided that it was time to approach me , I was cautious to say the least. \
\
This guy had a pompadour for weeks. The aviators and the black leather jacket in the middle of August tipped me off that he wasn't the brightest light on the tree. \
\
In what had to be the phoniest british accent I had ever heard , his opening line was \'93My name is Barton Cumberdon I can see you in the reality TV Space\'94.\
\
Nodding at Bernico, he was shown the bottom of the midget\'92s boot, never to darken my door again. \
\
\
\
Eventually, the Senator's people paid me off enough money to set me up in a small town in Montana. I run a sleep clinic there. It turned out that he was sniffing high quality glue and that caused his untimely demise in mid-thrust. While I was a little sad about it- it didn't surprise me. And now I was free.....\
\
\
Tell all is confusing \
Narcoleptic media \
Fainting goat paparazzi \
Eneunciate money reasons \
More scenes and dialog \
Last bits of information with Stella RunsWith Elk \
More emotion for shame of cukign someone else\'92s husband \
\
\
Bernico picks her up in a motorcycle and they ride off into the sunset }