{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 The Narcoleptic Whore \
By Risa Dale \
C.2014 \
Portland/Sayulita\
\
\
\
The colonel found me in the Bedporium.\
\
The sleep attacks had started in my teens - I would be on the way to class, trapper keeper held tight under left arm always, ready to algebraicly or socially study. Then I would awake to worried faces over me, disoriented by the sudden shift of perspective from straight ahead to straight up. I managed to finish school to the end of high school and then gave up.\
\
\
The only time I had ever had proper \'93relations\'94 as my mother called it was with Jimmy Collins 	when I was 15- I had promptly fallen asleep as soon as he put it in.\
\
Being 15, he thought he killed me, and left in a hurry, leaving me sticky stomached and dumbly hurt.He studiously avoided me at school until graduation. Who would want a girl who couldn\'92t be depended on not to snore in Physics 1?\
\
So I took a job as a model in a bed store. They paid me to sleep in the window on the various beds.\
\
Madhu, the owner of the Bedporium had told me his country's version of the Sleeping Beauty tale - essentially the king rapes a sleeping girl who is holed up in her own castle, minding her own beeswax while being cursed. After knocking her up and wandering off , he forgets her.\
\
Until all of a sudden the woman he is married to gets suspicious about the fact he seems to go on hunting trips a lot. So she goes looking for the cause and finds Beauty and her two children by the king with the wandering willy. The children almost end up dead in a pot due to the jealous queen\'92s revenge. King Whipitout averts disaster, but only just.\
\
The jealous queen is then made to eat hot rocks until her head explodes, leaving King WW free to marry Beauty.\
\
I regard this as kind of fucked up, and say so. Madhu tells me not to think too hard. It\'92s just a story.\
\
So I do my thing- sleeping in the various beds stacked up around the store. Queens, Kings, Twins, - whatever he had the most of he would push it into the window and order me to lie there as seductively as possible. In his eyes, seductive was lying with my legs stiff out, my arms folded over my chest and a lily between my breasts.While I liked the work, I was starting to feel unfulfilled\
\
My shift was ending when the Colonel showed up .It was 12 hours of being on display in the window.. He had been lurking around the futon display, seemingly fixated on the Sleeping Beauty outfit I wore.. \
\
\'93Do you have representation?\'94 He asked.\
\
I looked him up and down-he had a mid career Dali style mustachio and was wearing a white suit. The trust inspiration was low \'93Who are you? And why do you care?\'94\
\
\'93Im Colonel Cardoza . I\'92m here to change your life!\
\
I considered him. I knew I probably only had about 7 minutes before I fell asleep again.\
\
\'93Make your pitch fast guy-I don\'92t have a lot of time!And what are you the Colonel of? \'94\
\
\'93Of Destiny of course- Destiny\'92s child\'85\'85but you really shouldn\'92t get married. \'93\
\
\
I laughed. And then fell asleep on my feet. When I awoke the man was standing over me. He had obviously tried to catch me, because his formerly immaculate white suit had a smear of the heavy pancake makeup the BedPorium favored across the right side of his jacket. The bottom of the smear was bright red, as they required I to wear \'93Passion\'92s Lost\'94 lipstick.\
\
During the sleep cycle I had dreamed of many things -  cataplexy sends me directly to  REM . I thought a man in a white suit told me not to get married. Given  this man was standing in front of me, I supposed  it wasn\'92t exactly a hallucination\
\
\'93SO - again- why should I not get married? \'93\
\
\'93You could have a fulfilling career in the hospitality business. Meet new people, make interesting connections\'93\
\
Regarding him with a jaundiced eye, I figured he was one more scammer - but a well dressed one.\
\
I was getting tired of sleeping for a living. It took up so much of my time my memory no longer seemed to have anything in it besides pressed tin ceilings and 3 minute conversations. At the very least, I could afford some somnographic help.\
\
The GE mentality manipulator cost a bundle. I had saved up 3 thousand dollars for it, and needed 12 thousand more. It was an implant behind my ear, and a cloud connection  trained to awaken me once it recognized deep REM. For an additional 5 grand,the top of the line model would also record the dreams for later review. \
\
I decided right then to go ahead and let this happen. After all, what else was there? More time spent asleep?\
\
Colonel Cardoza was a man of many talents. Most of them were useless. But this young lady looked to be a goldmine. In between those with sleeping beauty fetishes and the ones he could blackmail because he thought he fucked her to death- this was going to be GREAT!\
\
He had started his pimping career in the back streets of Lebanon, Pennsylvania . Actually working never appealed to him, but nice suits and good meals certainly did. The way to acquire these things was usually on the back of someone else. The neighborhood girls really wanted to make some extra cash- getting out of the neighborhood was the idea. Some of them made their bank and skeedaddled. Some of them got stuck - he never drugged them, but he never told them no either if they were so inclined.\
\
The colonel set up an apartment in Old Town Portland for me\
The  flight of stairs up to it  were wide and canted, so by achieving  the landing johns already a bit off kilter. The double doors had huge metal pulls resembling  bulls heads- grasping one of the cool heavy rings and having to lean out to pull the door open was part of the fairytale experience. \
\
\
Once the door was opened, my body would be laid out in state in the middle of a football field sized bed.The colonel favored the Bedporium position.  Hyacinths and lilies would be clustered in my hands. The johns would have to take them out to to get to the love shack.When I awoke, they would be in  the glass jug next to the bed. Sometimes they would be crushed on the floor. \
\
We really went all out on the Sleeping Beauty details but could not afford a fullsize footman. So Bernico was hired- he was a little person with a deep black mohawk and a brocade suit. He would pick up the flowers and remake the bouquets. Sometimes he would talk with me, short bursts about being from Nicaragua.\
\
They were able to ask for special outfits, but generally the default was the Sleeping Beauty outfit. No one ever complained about it. Because it was made of obscure fabrics, it got sent to a special dry cleaner.\
\
The inscrutable Mr. Yam, who was of Polynesian descent, shook his head when Bernie would come in with it.  The Snow White, the Ariel, the Furry, the Princess Lei- the list was endless. The ability for the colonel to project any fantasy onto my blank canvas of sleep had made us both very rich. After all, the desire to be in charge of who you love is only one aspect of a fully Maslowed life.\
\
 Since they used protection , I just sat around in a funk of lube and latex most afternoons, counting my dollars and taking long hot baths. They had built a special support for me so I would not slip into the tub and die. He kept it to three a day- although he could have had it be twenty for all I knew- the misery of my condition was once excited, the catapalexy would kick in. In place of actual experience, my  dream life featured lots of tunnels, bridges and explosions. \
\
Until one day I woke up with a dead body on top of me .\
\
No longer alive. Completely, utterly, without any breath at all. And to make matters worse- it was the Senator. The Senator was married, and obviously not to me. He was also very heavy. It must have been about 289 lbs of man on top of about 130 lbs of me, my active life while i was sleeping able to keep me trim.\
\
I yelled for the Colonel, who had an office outside the bullheaded doors. It seemed like forever before he responded. The body had shat itself , ruining the burgundy brocade comforter. \
 It was also in the first stages of rigor, so it must have been quite a few hours before I had awoken. This was a troubling detail for me- my sleep periods seemed to get longer and longer as this career went on.\
\
The colonel swept in, looking dapper in his trademark 3 piece white suit. I had asked him to dispense with the black string tie because it made him look too much like a hawker of breaded chicken products.\
\
"He's dead" !!!!!\
\
I regarded him as witheringly as one can under three hundred pounds of congressional weight.\
\
"No shit- get him off me!!!"\
\
The room was hung with the stench of sex and death. For those of you who don\'92t know, death smells like equal parts shit and library paste. Sex, this version ,had a distinctive Astroglide flair to it.\
\
Bernico came in to help.I did not think that eyebrows could be raised above the hairline, but he managed it somehow.  The two of them twisted the body sufficiently so  I could wriggle out from under him. The sleeping beauty costume was demolished . \
\
 What would you do with a dead Senator? And the representative of record for the Apache nation. Whose reclamation bill was on the floor of the House this afternoon. \
\
 There was a budget crisis in DC so he had to share a secret service agent with the republican from Iowa. The Iowa senator was banging Wheatina, the gender neutral blond asian across the way. They were much louder than we were, and would take hours. They had decided to come to Portland Oregon to keep their constituents from knowing of their depraved actions. Of course, this backfired. \
\
After getting rid of the costume and putting on a robe I returned to the room, that stunk to high heaven of library paste and astroglide. \
\
\'93What are you going to do? \'93 \
\
The colonel had a \
\
\
\
\
\
The colonel looked concerned, but not really worried. \'93 We will call his people and have him picked up\'94\
\
The man who showed up was brawny and dressed in a suit with a bright red hanky. It was a classically blue suit, the kind with the ghost stripes that bespoke more money than even the Colonel would see in a week. Oddly, he just tucked the 280 lb body of the dead man under his arm, nodded at me smartly  and continued down the stairs. A cadre of other people came with him, but they spoke in hushed tones and avoided my gaze. They too wore suits of shadow stripes and expressions of vague distaste. \
\
\
\
\
The ever attendant paparazzi made my fear of sleep (which is what the extremely expensive somnographer informed me was what caused my narcolepsy ) became even more pronounced. Once they shoved a camera and a mic in my face I would seize up like the engine of a 68 bug with no oil in it- eyes staring, mind blank, I didn't know what to say.  \
The colonel was no help. He was busy writing his tell all saga and booking himself on various talk shows.\
\
Now that people knew, I was no longer able to take on clients. Who wants a formerly discreet whore who now had her face splashed on every tabloid ?\
\
The colonel kicked me out and set up Bernico's sister as the new Sleeping Beauty. While she was not a real narcoleptic, she was able to pull the freaks in by virtue of being half my size and age.\
\
Evidently one ages out of being a sleeping beauty too.\
\
\
So what do you do when you have enough money to pay the bills, a lifetime to do it with, and no career that seems even remotely viable? I recoiled from the idea of writing a tell all- after all, there wasn\'92t much to tell. I would be asleep, they would come in and do their thing, and then boom done next. \
\
\
So I bought myself a little house out in the back of the Portland  growth boundary. After a long time of going back and forth and seemingly getting nowhere, at the very least staying in one place would afford me the comfort of knowing where I would land . \
\
One day  a woman came up the drive, wearing a fashionable suit and a look in her eye that she was going to get what she came for.\
\
 It had been about 6 months since the death of the senator, and Bernico had decided that it was no fun without me.We had taken to playing marathons of scrabble on those nights that there was no traffic, and it had improved his english enough to help him apply for citizenship. The colonel had simply ordered him about with no regard to his humanity, and er, um short changed him his pay.  \
\
 So he had come to be my house man and would help me to field all the requests or going on talk shows and such. His sister didn\'92t last long as the replacement beauty- they discovered that she was an illegal alien and in today's political climate you might as well be a baby  kicker. The Colonel had disappeared from whence he came. \
\
\
\
\
\
}