{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs36 \cf0 The little known link- she asked herself why everything that looked delicious in her eyes would suddenly disappear. This would be much more disconcerting when she found herself picking bits of reality out of her back molar. Essentially, her eyes had become machines of hunger, sucking in the world and quickly passing over her taste buds. Somewhere along the way the sugar that was contained decided to take up residence on the sour part of the tongue, making it a constant brawl between her desire to spit it out and swallow it.\'a0\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 Bernard was so far gone at this stage she looked like some hellsent combination of a cougar and a snake.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 She smiled triumphantly, and wrote the words down on a little pad she tucked into a small pocket in the breast of her jungle shirt.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 Bernard was regrettably not done with his trip yet , and terrified by laughing monster \'a0in front of him, he grabbed it around her neck and tried to choke it out. Jordan did nothing, as he saw that this was good opportunity to kill at least one bird with no stones
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 The promise of enough cash to slip her chains was sufficient to give her cougar strength,. WHile Bernard was out of his mind , he was still wracked with puking and shitting. A swift kick to the balls rendered him mostly harmless. She then lost it, repeatedly kicking him in the head and chest until the toes of her boots ran red with blood.Jordan pulled her off him carelessly, his pale arm snaking out and doing it almost as an afterthought. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 Bernard curled into a fetal ball, so very close to the fire. She had to repress a desire to shove him in there. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 **********************************
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 After the ceremony Tony and Jordan regarded her with new respect.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 "Ok you two - listen up. We are going to return this moron to his people and tell him he hurt himself because he had a bad trip. The acid I slipped into the bottle should wear off by tomorrow. The laxatives, who knows.\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 \'93All I know is I want this asshole\'92s blood off me.\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 Vladimir materialized out of the darkness, high caliber pistol floating at parallels to the ground. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 He was a man of medium height wearing the aforementioned tracksuit. His verbal tics were in line with the classics of villainy, and we will not bother to detail them here. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 \'93I thought we agreed to not hurt him\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
Jordan lost it- the cold, the weird sounds, the fact that she was disrespecting him publicly and in front of the gangster no less- he went coo coo bananas . The gun that was tucked into the wast of his grass skirt had been itching for a use as soon asa he lay his hand on it\'92s cool, phallic length. The sight of vladimir \'92s gun pushed it even further- fight or flight kicked in, making him  pull it out and squeeze the trigger, leaving a red mist where vladimir\'92s face had been atop the tracksuit. The body was obviously still surprised as it stood for what seemed a million years before it finally tipped over and landed. \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 They kill Vladimir and pin it on Bernard. The next scene is them in South America being stalked by a vicious crow. All three of them go there to let the heat cool off and then they start to quarrel about the money and everyone dies. (Shakespearean!) 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 The knife sat on her belt, almost forgotten in the excitement of the ceremony. She was already hyped on adrenaline after her run in with bernard. the heavy smoke and flickering light had awoken someting primal that wanted to kill. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 Killing Vladimir results in getting teh rest of the russian \'a0mob after them, which she holds off by promising them that they will get the codes. Meanwhole Jordan is trying to double cross her with them by providig the codes because they are threatening to cut his balls off. Tony has been with another faction altogether this whole time, and ends up \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 Long con - short con 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 The long con is that they get everything they want from bernard and take all the money coming in. The short one is to get him to trust them even after he comes back fucked up from the ceremony. She keeps feeding him stuff that makes him feel good even though 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs32 \cf0 They kill Vladimir, then pin it on Bernard. He dies of something else than what is freaking him out - his ghost huants them they then take over the company and 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs32 they lose all the money?
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}