{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs40 \cf2 Lea 
\f1\fs34 \cf0 \

\b\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	
\b Role in Story:One of the young lovers. She recognizes that the world has lost it\'92s mind and sounds the alarm\
	Occupation:
\b0 	Piratetographer \
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Physical Description:
\b0 	Blond hair, direct green eyes, juicy athletic , olive skin, \
\
	
\b Personality:   
\b0 	bubbly and sensible. Has a tendency to go flying directly at the problem. This doesn\'92t always work so well , but sometimes makes her win by mistake \
\
	
\b Habits/Mannerisms:
\b0 	Likes to move, talks a lot, take charge person. Speaks french and troll. \
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Background:
\b0 	She meets ben in nursery school by dumping a bucket of sand over his head. They grow up having adventures, then she moves away because her family needs to go to another state to work. When she returns to help the city because she is a leading expert  on Piratography, she meets Ben again since he is the Water Engineer. \
\
	
\b Internal Conflicts:
\b0 	wants to help everyone- this isn\'92t always possible. Sometimes to the deteriment of herself \
\
	
\b External Conflicts: The philosoraptor tries to eat her . Rando and she fight for the soul of the Queen of Maybe
\b0 	 \
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Notes:
\b0 	She is a Piratographer. Using piratical methods, she is there to help fix the city, having been called in from pittsburgh to come change the city back through the tunnels . That is who they }