{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue28;
\red9\green47\blue157;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 You have to go back she said. Hammerspace and disguises\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\f1\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 Black Dog Syndrome. No matter how sweet-natured the animal, people see the dark coat and are hesitant to adopt the pet
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140

\f2 \cf4 Another series that made extensive use of hammerspace was {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kodomo_no_Omocha"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Kodomo no Omocha}}, where the mother of the main character would pull toy hammers of varying sizes to tap her daughter on the head to forge breaks in her ranting and offer a chance to glean understanding and wisdom.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa105

\f1\fs42 \cf0 Hammerspace in games
\f2\fs26 [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hammerspace&action=edit&section=2"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 edit}}]
\f1\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140

\f2\fs28 \cf4 The theory of Hammerspace can also be applied to many {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 video games}}, as game mechanics often defy those of the real world: for instance, a character might be able to carry a sword larger than himself without any sign of it before use, and inventory capabilities are commonly implausible\
\
Getting past the past was going to be tricky. In all his 1000 years he had never done something for someone else that did not eventually either directly or indirectly benefit him. The past on this particular thing was going to make him less viable, less easy in his mind. \
\
But she had been so good to him, finding teh cracks in his armor and making it fly when it normally would just send him to the bottom of the barrel. \
\
Her help in thwarting the air whale, the sacrifices she made to make the against Ellenbogen and Yumanity- all at great personal cost to herself- that was a moment that he ruminated on0 a time investment that was something taht he hoped and schemed that \
\
\
Replace time with something else. \
\
That was it- the rub, the hammer, the duvine deau ex machina that would shatter the sorrow of death that time wrought. It was also going to rease those memories of joy, the time spent in her arms, the love they shared. What was going to happen after that, he did not know. \
\
Time was like metal on a jeweler bench- you could create and recreate the smae things if you beat on it  with the right hammer. It would work only if the form followed a function, a infinye ouroubourous that would heartfeltedly }