{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Martin
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 *******************************************************************************************
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 He sat on the underramp support beam with his long legs tucked under his \'a0chin. Watching the cars go by he meditated on the possible stories and narratives that each metal box contained. They were on a street that led to a bridge onramp, but not one of the major ones.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 So the cars that went by were not the ones that were shiny, or wanted to be noticed. They were just the ones that knew the sneaky way to get there. They were also the ones that had something to hide.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Martin knew that sitting there watching the cars go by was not going to solve his problem. Then again, perhaps he could help it along.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Extracting the snub nosed Saturday night special from the back of his jeans, he single eye squinted down the street. The first one wasn\'92t anything doing- minivan filled with Mom and kids. The only thing that would get him off on that one would be the begging before the shooting. so no, not them. Not today.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Because that was what it was- a way to get off. The rest of the time he was a Business Analyst for a corporation that had it\'92s headquarters about 5 blocks away from here. Every day, they gave him more work to do and every day he did more and more and more.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Every day he thought he wouldn\'92t be able to do more. His ritual of shaving with a straight razor in front of the steam fogged mirror was a few moments where the world that he hated and needed and that would one day kill him did not own him fully.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 This had been the truth of the matter for the last 30 years of work and would be even more of it for the next 10. 10 more, that was all he needed until he could retire. He and his wife could sit on the back porch and have the kitties purr on their laps. Unless of course they were dead by that time.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 That was how he marked time now- he looked at every being that had any animation in his path and imagined them dead. Drained of all soul juice. Done.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Still, in between the seconds where he desperately and all consumingly wanted to die to STOP IT ALL- he contemplated it like it was a gilded idol and he was a Hittite of old.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The crow would lose it\'92s feathers. The woman who sat behind the front counter at the coffee shop \'a0would just have her eyes plucked out - perhaps leaving one of them to loll out of the socket, laying gently on her rouged and powdered cheek.Her body would not realize anythign was wrong, and it would stay exactly where it always was, ready to dispense the coffee into the greek printed cups. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 This thought cheered him immensely , and there as a spring in his step as he wandered down the street towards the ElleCorp.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \'91
\f1\fs24 \
}