{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
The philosoraptor was made a million so old things that no one could quite see what they did. Taken together, there was a brilliant flash of light and sparkle that would blow the hair back of any who saw it The feeling would blow through the hair and make you feel as though 7 thousand whispering anchors were pulling the bottom of the channel, digging a deeper and deeper trench until the center of the earth was reached, and all was laid bare\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
 In the center of the mountain there was a glacier that had slipped under the roots of it when the earth was young and fiesty 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 Back then, Mountains were more like trees- they shifted with the ground and had tentacular feet that were made of igneous and sedimentary rock 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 the amount of sun on their north face determined where they went- sometimes to the east, sometimes the north. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 In any case, this particular dragon had fallen asleep  in a ditch and the mountain heaved herself down, sitting for a moment to look up at the gibbous moon
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 It was warm and safe under there, so the dragon turned over and slept for 346 years
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 When he awoke, he could only see the thinnest sliver of moon through the volcanic crown. He knew it was time for him to soar above with the other flying creatures of the night
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Shaking the shards of ice off his great \'a0purple, orange  and green scaled wings, he realized how limiting the mountain had been. Safe, and protective, but looking up at that thin slit of night he felt that pull of wild adventure- his dancy and romancy heart swelled to feel the dark air on his ears and through his teeth, drying his great dragon eyes as he \'a0sped through the cold night air 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 And the sound- of the air whales and the battypusses, the monkachunks and the belivarians- he stretched , and slithered through the crack . For dragons are endlesslesly mutable 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 He arrived in the air with alacrity and charm, the rest of the night creatures calling to him. They flew in noisy and loving formation toward the snow- for there was  war that called
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Being alive leaves a mark or two. Being suddenly separated from that state leaves it as well. The philosoaptior knew this, and spent a large amount of time being ever so bored with the status quo\
\

\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
THE PHILOSORAPTOR, HAVING SPENT THREE HUNDRED AND fort six indvidual years inside a mountain had pondered on teh probelm of common sense quite a bit. S/he (since s/he was the only one of it's kind) had eaten an entire library before settling down for shis long long long nap. The inside of the mounatin was a place where only the deepest thoughts and the most molecular of knowledge wsa to be had. The mountain was one of those places covered in a frosting of delcious sugary goodness, the cocaine piles of snow warming the earth until the sun returned from it's vacation on the other side of the world. \
\
\
The mountain itself was an icubator, a fortress and a haven. The Philosoraptor had actually eaten a few philosophers as well in the haste to ingest all that information. Philosophers are not known for being too fast on thie r feet and they had been hidden in the stacks perusing the ideas of dead people so well it was kind of like eating too much trail mix at one gulp and discovering that somemoen had hidden the beef jerkey in there. \
\
\
So for each of the three hundred and forty six years she had pondered a new question. The questions were :\
\
Who really killed JR?\
Why do you need opposite warp and woof?\
Did you fart? \
How was this all gong to turn out? \
Should she allow this to happen? \
\
What about the children? \
How about the monstrous monstrosities of monkeydom? \
What about the burling borlingum of baronets? \
}