{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Ben and Leah 
\f1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 Ben smiled. His head was perfectly round, and the brows that hunched obver his \'a0green eyes were even more expressive than he thought . 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 \'93I thought that freezing to death was a nice way to go?\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 I glared at him, wondering what the hell he was on about. It might have been because the cavern around us had dropped to a steamy 30. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 He was looking up at the grates that covered the apex of the cavern. The water around us seemed poisoned and filled with effluent- by my lights it had to come to the sewage treatment plant that sat on the edge of the UGB. It was out there because people didn\'92t want shit in their backyards. The people who lived outside of the UGB had chosed to walk away from the ease and comfort of the city- they fought back the night with coops filled with fowl and tried to grow things that they could eat. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 This didn\'92t work as well as it used to, without any kind of restrictions on what corporations could do the land had become so hostile it seemed to resent the intervention of well meaning but eventually futile efforst to make it productive. The city lived better- it learned to eat smog and relish the taste of the ersazt versions of what came before.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 \'93Can we focus on what we came here to do? \'93
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 Ben shrugged, tossing the ice axe up with one hand and then snatching it out of the air with the other. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 \'93As the lady wishes.....\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 We had left the orange chanters far behind, as they had gotten into a discussion on who was supposed to attack us and been so involved in that we just walked away. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0 \cf0 They stood on either side of the bridge of politicians. It stretched across the top of the collider abyss, braided slippery of false promises, endless bullshit and self interest. PAC money molded it together, and the faces of the lie mongers were turned out . Unless they were a christian, in which they leaned into it with their most tender parts - they were the ones who enjoyed pain, but did not own that fact. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
}