{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green11\blue141;\red38\green38\blue38;\red233\green235\blue241;
}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 there is a huge difference between history and memory, altho those two things are enough alike that there are times when they could be mistaken for one anothe rin a dark alley. History is the distillation of events bot real and imagined, both told and heard, the black , the white and the grey. The romans knew that a prson's worth was less than nothing when they had no history - the (insert latin thingy here) caused the person to be reased, tto no longer exist where the world lived. In essence, there was no one anymore after they pisssed off the roman senate. While these things can be seen by the\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Being alive leaves a mark or two. Being suddenly separated from that state leaves it as well. The philosoaptior knew this, and spent a large amount of time being ever so bored with the\
\
300 questions of 
\f2\b\fs42 \cf2 P
\fs34 ARLIAMENTARIAN\

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl180

\f3\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 conflictioneering\
\
History and memory. Which of these do you hip to when you are trying to decide on what ahppenes next? Does it tell you without any fear when you just decide wht the hell is going on ? Do you take the next train if you missed the ones before? Do you decide that the version that makes for the best stor\
\
\
}