{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red9\green47\blue157;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
Murder of his friends by JMQ- that is what sarks the war\
Blowing up things\
Buying  things\
Killing people \
War\
Landing on the moon\
\
Hitler\'92s mandrake \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140

\f1\i\b \cf0 Damnatio memoriae
\i0\b0  is the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin_language"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Latin phrase}} literally meaning "condemnation of memory" in the sense of a judgment that a person must not be remembered. It was a form of dishonor that could be passed by the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_Senate"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roman Senate}} upon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treason"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 traitors}} or others who brought discredit to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_State"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roman State}}. The intent was to erase someone from history, a task somewhat easier in ancient times, when documentation was much sparser.\
\
She was not to be rememberd. She was to be stricken from every stone, every molecule of ice , every shivery mated hand that had touched hers- she would no longer be in that space. Her  atoms and ions and electrons would be excised from their chains, leaving ammonia where fresh air had been, poison where medicine had existed. \
Expulsion would result in a being not formed- the collective djini would no longer scent of her essence- it would;t sound like the crystal ring of her voice- it would only hold the negative space, the not therenesss\
\
\
\
He was to expunged. Deleted. Sent to Coventry, Not even worth derision, his treason was so great that he was not to be borne \
\
To expel from memory- \
\
\
We will excise her from all memorials. She will not be allowed to be seen by anyone, ever again. Her mind will be sent to a place where it will live inside a glass jar , faceted against clarity- the idea of selves will be eradicated. This is when and where I get to take ove rthe minds of those around me, and kill the memory of the things that came before. All the embarassment and fear that used to attend even my simplest actions will be destroyed and sent off to the hell caverns. The young lovers will be in charge of it. \
\
\
The young lovers stared down the center of the cavern. they had thought that they had reached the bottom evidently the bottom was not the bottom, but rather the beginning of the bottom. It would pull futher and and further down until thre was nothing to be seen out there. There was a huge machine, made of bicycles. It had derailleures for gears and wheeels within wheels and further and further down it showed an intricate series of gargoyled carvings that piled on top of one another they were the carvings (call them by the isrish name ) that spoke - they had holes drilled in them strategically so that when the underground wind current came through they sange and sent ball bearngs sliding through the hills and dales of the tubes. The ball bearings would jangle in the metal tubes causing a clatter that covered the sound of the air - there wre 10 tubes that rose from the ditch that surrounded the great brass and wheeled mostrosity, and there didn;t seem to be an off or on switch to it. The sound and motion of the world appeared to be what made it move. \
\
\
\
Leah and ben looked at one another , puzzled as to what to do next. They had been sent here by the Common Ground to find out where all the common sense was getting off to. It kept dissappearing- one minute peope would be dong perfectly reasonable things and the next they would be jumping off of things, running inot walls , selling high and buying low, penguins and pollywogs and platypi mating. It could go horribly wrong- or it could go horribly right. Mor eoften it was wrong. and so the community had decided to find people who would\
\
\
\
\
\
}