{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \
Rando And Death and the loss of the Philipino Midget Twins \
\
Rando had never cared about death before. It was a thing that would happen eventually, and that allowed him to wander in and out of the caverns and tunnels and down the streets of the city with so little fear as to seem otherworldly - he did not jump at loud noises and blinked nary an eye at the huge bus that bore down upon his plastic encased ass he know that he was going to part company with the world at some pojnt. \
\
His trail inside that time had been dictated by a true lack of empathy for his fellow man. He could not see where it would behoove him to be a part of this hunting and gathering, this pulling of wagons into circles, this endless desire to be in the same places at the same time on any given day. His need for a free life shucked of artifice or pretences outweighed all the other pyramids of needs heaped up by the experts whose names he distrusted .\
\
He started to care about death when it came from the side that he wasn't looking for- when he shared food and flame with the pickpocketeers, they had grown dear to him. \
\
Isolde and Manju were a pair of phillipino dwarves that sated themselves on the pickings outside of the institutions of the city. The churches and cemeteries, the high end restaurant  the strip bars and the dance clubs- they stayed just outside of these places as people with pockets would wander into them and they being at pocket height would acquire wallets and phones, lipstick and keys, a rat, a silvery contraption that seemed to look like something taht would change the course of your teeth. All these things were piled high in thejr underramp nest, the magpie in them unable to part with treasures that had no value as long as they sparkled. These were all that was left of them after the air whale consumed them . \
\
Altho, Rando to be fair thought that anything directed at hime was being prejudicial after all. and the loss of Manju and Isolde meant that there was no flame to share- a single light against the night was sufficient to hold most of it back, but not to eradicate the half formed monsters that lay just outside it's circle, their phantom limbs passing through the flicker and reaching for him when silence became too loud\
\
Thus he wanted to replace them- to find another being to share the flames and the small words . Replacement sounded so - cold . After being alone for 200 years - it left a gap where there had been no space before. Someone to be part of the next chapter. \
\
So he decided to ride the buddhist bike- the lack of attachment to outcome seemed like a good way to approach this. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 The bike was long and lean and hugged the curb as though it had grown there. The floweres threaded through it's spokes were unrra as was the shade of bright vermillion it was enamelled with. It stood high and proud next to the curb, a helmet hanging off the left handle bar. The locks that secured it to the fence werre intricate- made of iridescent clam shells they winked at him in complicity, knowing they weere going for a ride. A short ride to the next incarnation, but since the bike was buddhist it cared not all of such things \
\
\
To disconnect from the outcome- to see so far down the well that it seems to circle all the way through the molten core of the world out the other side, through the atmosphere to the endless silently humming stars to end up at the back of the head that started the circle, watching from over the shoulder, knowing that the sounds it heard were only the beating of the blood in the veins that tied the body together. \
\
That was whagtt could save the biker the knowledge that they could mount up an where they ended up was of little to no imprtantce. Hence the need to ride with the world at bay \
\
The Celestial buddha was what powered the bike- the self reliance and self power - and the fact that nothing ultimately has existence- crossed over to the rubber and metal.}