{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
Did you have any common sense she asked? \
\
The arching of the eybrows told her that was probably not the right question so she tried again \
\
"Do you know how to tie your shoes or take notes at class"\
\
The eyebrows were now doing forward rolls, sidewase rollls and and butter rolls, implying that the person asking the question had indded lost their ability to have any common sense \
\
In it\'92s most basic incurnation, common sense should be a reduction of all your experiences to the place where it makes Good Judgements Finding ones good judgment inside your head while being tormented by EatAnters and Biosopholucids was the challenge of living inside the UGB- once the UGB had encircled you you wed sure to lose your ability to be both historical and intellectual simultaneously. It seems that this had crept in slowy but surely, taking away the self preservatives, enticing people to do the stupidest of things. It sent them up the mountain without a compass, it made them choose people to live with who never did a dish, it cause dthe great Clown and Country debacle, complete with bundled arcs of demonic possiions that used them up so quickly that the .\
\
Common sense by it\'92s very definition was there to preserve the species. It was the distillation of all the things that came into your sesnse. The more you used this judgement, the more it became useful. It was what made the perpetual Good Sense machine continue to thrive in the cavern, as there were no other ways to keep moving in a world that relied on fear and emotion to to cater to its whims. \
\
This had caused some very ugly things in the space time continuum. \
\
}