{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 She knew even before it happened that it was gong to happen. It was the miserable hell that was being the past, the present and the future simultaneously- when you know all that, it is hard to get out of your own way, especially as the future barreled down at you at an alarming rate. \
\
She stood atop the Philosoraptors mountain, waiting for her lover to claim her life. The chinook wailed violently, sounding the the sorrows of the ice clad trees like some maniacal wind chime . She was wrapped in a warm thin garment made of the cobwebs of the thousand year spiders. They had clothed the past for as long as any could remember, spinning their almost invisible threads with clock tick precision. No one remembered when they did- they just started and continued, no end to their world. \
\
\
Yumanity crunched down from above the treeline, the snowy sift of the mountain occasionally sighing under the mastery of his size 56 boots. Made of the skin of lost souls, they howled with every step, signaling her impending end. \
\
\
She had seen this day in her waking hours, knowing that his hands that once caressed her would now close around her throat/ \
\
\'93You are here \'93 he said in surprise. \
\
\'93Why wouldn\'92t I be? \'93 \
\'93I am here to kill you\'94\
\'93I know- it is necessary\'94\
\
What Yumanity did not know, as he did not come equipped with the same ideas of backwards, forwards and around wards that she did was that his actions were fortold- he had fooled himself into thinking that free will actually existed, that he was not a product of his nurture after all. He would soon find out that was not the case. \
\
He stood in front of her, all the horns and tentacles that swirled around his head in halo formation suddenly limp and unhappy, not as a monster who was here to kill, but as a being who would be saying farewell to someone he loved. \
\
Her compassion for him rose , and she offered him her white neck. Wordlessly he placed his thorny fingers round it, squeezing until her eyes looked frantic with a lack of breath, and then slowy, slowly , the life force oozed out of them, leaving the shell behind. \
\
He looked down at his hands and saw the shell of her . He shrugged and tossed it over one shoulder as though it no longer existed, which it didn\'92t . Turning his back to the wind, he started back up the mountain to the treelike. The body rolled down the hill, gathering mosses and sticks and even more icicles than she came by naturally. It occasionally stuck to trees or rocks ,sometimes for a minute, sometimes for longer. There was no time anymore, now that the past was dead. This made for some comeplicated re arrangements down in the valley. \
\
\
\
\
}