{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red180\green49\blue140;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Check leidenfrost and the touch \
Alive \
\
\
\
What you're looking at is a unique demonstration of the ever-fascinating {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://io9.com/5477786/the-leidenfrost-effect-natures-hovercraft"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Leidenfrost effect}}. Named after 18th Century German doctor {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johann_Gottlob_Leidenfrost"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Johann Gottlob Leidenfrost}}, the phenomenon occurs when liquid comes into contact with a surface that is much, much hotter than the liquid's boiling point. Under such conditions, an insulating layer of vapor is created between the droplet and the surface. In the case of a water on, say, a piping hot frying pan, the water droplet can actually 
\i float
\i0  on the layer of vapor. This not only causes the droplet to hover, it also protects the water from boiling outright.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs32 \cf0   \
The leidenfrost effect had had a great influence on Rando's machinery. When he went to build the common sense machine, he knew that it would not be anything that would come easily. After all, the idea of common sense was that it married all of the senses into the ability to judge. Most people went around ignorning at least one of the senses on any given day. The leidenfrost effect was one of making water do things that it didn't normalllt do. It sent things sideward and upwards and backwards when the expectationw as that it would indeed go forwards . It would eventualy, but it needed to go different places before it did. The leidenfirst was what pwered the whole thingumabob, enabling it to continue forward even though it semed that the commonstes of senses was very uncommon after all.  \
\
\
\
Smell was an unpopular one, for a variety of reasons There are many more unpleasant scenst in the world than there are pleasnat ones. The stench of the death flower, the reek of hot garbage, the burning ammonia of piss, these were all more prevalatent than the heavy silk of jasmine, or the daisy dance of cut grass, or the watery juices that confused the sense of smelll with taste of grilling meats.  People tended to disbeleive in smell because it was less painful than having to proces sit. The scent of a Nana's house, the paste and paper that had no life in it- those were the murderers of that sense. \
\
\
\
\
\
Touch was the one that everyone beleibed in, but no one should.  The description of how something feels could be as much of a lie as anyhintg- it would be dizzied up by the emotive qualities- what would happen if you touched it and it burned? Would the hopping aroud teh room cursing and screaming make it better or worse, like the moment when the eye doctor would flip the lenses on you? No one really knew exactly which ones were better- it was all leading questions and haearsay.\
\
\
\
Once you tasted soemething, and it was embedded in that timespace- that was when it became a full sense. Divorced from the initial context of the thing- it no longer echoed or rang in precisely the same way. Or even if it was the same place, with the same clicking plates or sound of a mariachi band,  it may not have the mouthfeel of the goooey chocolate milk or toffee that had been just warmed to a place where it teased the tip of the tongue with salt and sugar and left the mouth hungry for more. This was used to start the machine, as it was a long piece of leather made from 700 bicycle seats that had been carefully unravelled from their tightened strings - to start the machine you needed to chew a piece of teh leather off at the start, and spit it out into a spitoon created for just that purpose. The softended leeather would travel down the spiralling  twists that had been twisted into endless innner circles , since commons sense needed to turn back onitslef to check for it's keys of course. \
\
\
\
\
\
And seeing things- don't get me started on seeing things! The shape, the color, the angel and the angle- no one could claim the definiition of anything, despite all photographic and sense memorry in the worl. Havin these things touch each otehr made for a request and a desire- but no two eyes, be they fly or human or meerkat or belgian waffle ever got the samme view of anything. the fct that you could indeed talk to people about the diffeences was the only things that saved that sense from being a complete waste of time. That and it gave you a reason to wear sunglasses. The sight portion of the grand machine was made of all the reflective peices off the bikes that Rando had stolen- glittery faceted rednesses, the blinky threelights that told people of your departure, the powdercoat made of the elements of useenium and referendium - those things created a brillaiance of sight that sheared right to the heart of whatever matter it happened to be. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
 Hearing- oh the sweet joyof hearing- the melodius cacophaony of the sound of the world!!! Sucking down the punk rock, the duck quack, the dance of the sugar plum fairies on top of the pin with 10 thousand other angels - these were the things worth listening foro. The crucnh of the elk on snow that had no other feet on it- the  sound of the tire to the pavement, the babies cry, the sounds of love between lovers who knew each other's body so well taht the least shiver caused the most joy- oh hearing was the one that most beleived, and was the one that he used to strap it all in. The hearning part of the machine was made of great ear trumpets, harvested from the coffin factory. Teh coffin factory had offered a model that allowed the dealy departed to keep a lone to the upper word when it was buried. It was made of beautiful pieces of bent wood, polished to a high laquered shine that would bounce the words of the world back to the dead. For the dead do still hear- it is just a more far off thing than the things one hears as a live person. LIve people are concerned with the sounds of life- the dead are concerned with teh sound of the world- teh whole world is so very very loud, taht even staying up late to the world will not dismiss all the small sounds that dimisnish and take away from the ability to hear even in the darkest of nights\
\
\
\
\
\
The flickery stars ate the night, and tehy slid down the hill to get to the machine The young lovers saw it, but did not know what to make of it. After all, since they were yound the commonest of senses was denied them.....
\f0\fs30 \cf2 \
}