{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 there is a huge difference between history and memory, altho those two things are enough alike that there are times when they could be mistaken for one anothe rin a dark alley. History is the distillation of events bot real and imagined, both told and heard, the black , the white and the grey. The romans knew that a prson's worth was less than nothing when they had no history - the (insert latin thingy here) caused the person to be reased, tto no longer exist where the world lived. In essence, there was no one anymore after they pisssed off the roman senate. While these things can be seen by the\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Being alive leaves a mark or two. Being suddenly separated from that state leaves it as well. The philosoaptior knew this, and spent a large amount of time being ever so bored with the
\f2\fs32   \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
The philosoraptor was stationed at the beginning of teh cave mouth where the Sense and Sensibility machine lived. She had been under the mountainfor those 346 years, but she and Rando went back even furthr tahn that. There was more to Rando than met the eye. \
\
\
\
\
\
He seemed to be about 45, but somehow had packed several lives into that time, stacked here and there, carefully packed in one way or the other. Like a wall that had been made of stream tumbled stones, all the tiles were not necessarily uniform, but they did neatly fit together. \
\
\
\
\
\
He and teh Philosoraptor had met in a temple in  The Autralian Outback. While Phil was eating random worshipers  for sport  (she would discreetly spit them back  out the back door after a harrowing journey down the esophogus) Rando wandered in from the square of light taht split the darkness.    His silouhette was suitably dramatic with insincere lines and it blocked the reality of the place from view. \
\
Describe them as coming out and stupid. \
\
\
\
He sat at her feet while she stood on stage on her back legs, smoking and smiling like a cheshire cat gone wrong. The game in the temple was for the supplicant to enter on their knees, trying to make it to her with a question she deemed worthy. Since it was somewhere in the medieaval times, the only parishioners were dark as a moonless night, and they held her in regard enough to only send their best and brightets. She had been in house god all over theworld at this point- after the locals got used to her tricks of eating people and then spitting them out, she no longer was worshipped, and would have to move on. \
\
\
\
Rando sauntered to the circular tiled dais that sat in front of the altar where she reclined, sending out intricate smoke rigs from first one nostril than the other. He hitced up his saggy pants and crossed his eyes . She took this as a challenge. \
\
\
\
"What do you request of me? "\
\
\
\
"Only the truth of the matter, as you see fit"\
\
\
\
Her snort took out a couple of the temple attendants. They ran off to where the  pool used for baptism was, a deep stone cooled square that put out their blood orange robes. \
\
\
\
"That is a very subjective thing now isn't it"\
\
\
\
"nothing can be "very" subjective- it either is or it isn't"\
\
\
\
Hmm- you are smarter than you look- you may remain. What is it that you want?\
\
\
\
He took his time thinking about his response. While he had been wandering aeound Australia (before it was australia, it was named Belefesque ) he was hinking about why. And how. And what else. And really? And about 1000 other questions ,such as "Just the tip? " "Why you so nasty?" "Why, does this make me look fat? " "Are you serious?" "If you really cared - you would know what I was asking!" And on and on- no one ever runs otu of these mundanities, they are what life was made of . So they sat for several years, trading questions back and forth. The eating of the various scribes and wise people kep the converstations lively \
\
\
\
Finally it was time for Rando to go- to move forward to the next place as he had always done. He rose, shook teh Philosoraptors hand and stated "We shall meet again" and exited just as he had entered- with empty hands and a full mind. \
\
\
\
She forgot him instantly , and went on to eat other supplicanst as though nothing had happened before or since \
\
\
\
Afetr the end of the Belefesquivians with the advent of the intro of the flying machine, she wandered for another 300 years, studying with the holy men in Tibet, the charlatans in Rio, the monsters of rock in Afghanistan, the mosques and temples of the world opening themselves to her with a flick of shiny scaled wings. She would swoop in and learn all there was to be learned, make it better and then swoop back out again. Eventually she became exhausted, and tucked herself into the aforementioned ditch for a quick snooze. The snooze lasted 346 years and several other sunteranean lifetimes. She awoke with just as many questions as ever, no closer to the answers but refreshed and ready to start eating villagers again. \
\
\
\
Rando had fared just as well- his two wheeled invention that made man skim the earth instead of be attached to it was taken all over the wordl . Holland and England and Scotland , Egypt and Africa- all these places needed to match wheels after the first one was created and they all looked at it with dumb eyes asking , quite sensible, what the heck is that hting for? \
\
\
\
The bicicyle revolutionazed the way people got to places- it made the units of measure less about days and more about hours. Peopel would try to pack many more people and things onto thei thne made sense, ut eventually the towering [uyramid of luvestock, humans and hard c=food s would ensure that the bike was the perfect way to get from here to to there without burngn dinosaurs or trees. Rando becae the precurse, the idea guym the one that showed up in wet pants and a string bikini to tell the wordl that the other place, over that mounting was a way ot get to where you wante dto be without it being a huffy misuert  So many intretrpattions of the bike!! Those that were one person powered were strong, bbut the ones that were multiperson powered were even stronger. It was the spark that mad e the thinking-- one small one would light the world afire. \
\
\
\
Rando was that guy- moving and grooving and continuing foreward All that came after was because f what came before, but no one would know now would they> Click click clikc when the cards in the spokes woulf go round the hub- more and more and ore\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}