{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Rando had decided that the work of building the common sense machine was to be done in several phases. The outline of intellect was such that it needed organization and time to ensure that it would indeed become a machine that had use, would do what it said it was going to do and the ability to move the minds of the people back to being intellectually capable. \
\
After all, the minds of the world had already been organized and re organized by the \
\
\
Rando had decided on the common sense machine when Isolde and Manju went to the great house in the sky. He was hoping that teaching people to avoid air whales and pay attention when Yumanity stomped down fron the moubtain would actually be useful on some level. \
\
He had fallen into the cavern from the Garden of Death. Sitting on the tombstone of the pickpocketeers, he leaned back on it. Suddenly the grave dropped out from under him, and he sstarted sliding down a tunnel- it was packed earth and rocks, and as he bumped and ground on circular tube, he used all of the impressive swearwords at his command. All of a sudden it ended, after seeming to go on for days and months- the lack of ligth can do that to anyone. \
\
\
The end was as stunning as birth must be- being in a confined space and then suddently free- there was about 100 feet of drop that happened at the end, and he finished his downward descent with a plash, a splash and a kerflump into a lake that was 30 feet deep. The biophosphorescence lit the water from below - he was a little compuzzled by the sudden upside down, but oddly, the water was salty. He popped up with the ingrown bounceback that he came with- a moment where he was weightless caused him to bob around, his feet up and his head down. Once he figured which way was up he looked around in awe. \
\
\
The Cavern was 100 feet tall, the room stdded with stalacticites of purple and green and orange. The faint light reached into most of the corners, but left a few dark. His natural affinity for creatures of the night allowed him to sense the bats sleeping in the corners, their snoring gently rocking the air in the cavern. \
\
He was in awe- and this was where he was supposed to be }