{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 "Some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn."
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 \'97 Alfred, The Dark Knight
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\qc

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Cigs
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 What \'a0I was waiting for wasn\'92t going to come. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0  \'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 There was only one cigarette missing from the pack. It made an obvious hole where it used to live with it's cylindrical brotehrs and sisteer.s I wondered what the hell was wrong with me that I felt such loss over something that was ephemeral to 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 begin with 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 So once you have that first cigratette. you are all in right? It\'92s not like you can give the pack back or just hand it off to someone else. Those 19 smokes need you. They want the rest of the lungs they came for.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 In other countries it makes you able to discuss without having to explain. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Being something that lasts the length of the conversation, the beat of the song, the moments it takes between a man lighting it and then remmoving it from your mouth to replace it's heat with the heat of his own. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 These were the thoughts I had as I lit another mid stride down the street towards my house. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 It's what separates you from those who would make life soft- soft lives are clean and easy, and don't end you up in places where you don't belong. The 19 left will go with you, even if no one else will.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Doses Doeses Doeses- as I walk by the house up the road that has a constant flow of traffic we nod at each other. It\'92s a short sharp reminder that I live here, and would rather not. I narrowed my eyes and acknowledged they were sharing the backfired, charcoaled air that was mostly full of the sound of the rap music I hated. \'a0
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Fuck all them, for not wanting to come along and making you do it alone- only because you NEED to go- it's not a choice. It beats in the blood, same way that you need one of those 19 smokes to accompany that next thought, the next tap dance.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f1\fs26 \cf0 I seem to have lost my taste for it. It used to be the fuel I ran by- now I just feel like someone punched me in the nose or I skipped a stair. It's climbing up my insides right now, sticky and scaled and bitter. Blaine was supposed to show up with the cash and I was going to be totally screwed if this deal didn\'92t go down. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 There was a load of 30 hot tablets \'a0sitting in the back of \'a0my car that was a payment away from repo. I had lifted them off the loading dock of the local apple store, with the assistance of one of the genii from the genius bar. \'a0Xerxes was 300 lbs of geek - we shared a love of high stakes poker at the Korean mans\'92 house, so he knew about my difficultties. Half was going to him. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 ,. If I didn\'92t unload them quickly I would have to explain to my landlord, my divorce lawyer, the credit \'a0card company and my local barkeep why there was no money for them. My verbal gymnastics had kept me a step ahead \'a0for the last 6 months, Even I knew that kind of good karma eventually comes to an end. \'a0For once I\'92d like to get out of the way of the wrecking ball before it comes slamming down. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 Blaine appeared at the end of the street. I let go of the breath I didn\'92t know I was holding. \'a0He was a student entrepreneur at the local community college. Freelance seems to suit him. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 \'93You got em?\'94 by way of greeting. Nodding, I gestured to the deep blue bmw , the last marker of my old life. It was still shiny and I saw the reflection of my hand heavy with silver rings in the trunk.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 Divorce had sucked out all my cash. My ex husband was a white collar criminal who had not bothered to tell me when things had gone badly. So I lived the same as I always had, going to lunch, buying shoes and \'a0fiddling while the rome of my life burned. The federal agetns tromping through my orchids on that may morning was my first indicator that something was wrong. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 Given I had grown up in \'a0NorthEast Portland, being returned to it felt like failure. None of the girls I ran with still lived here. They all lived in the hills, a place I was no longer welcome . I had quit smoking when I lived in the hills. Nothing to worry about, nothing to soothe. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 Popping the trunk that would send me to that next place a smile started to turn the corner up of my mouth,. It was empty. FUCK FUCK FUCK!!!!!!!! Smile gone, I turned to Blaine with searching eyes. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 \'93They were there. \'93
\f0 \

\f1 \'93Obviously\'94
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 The trunk hadn\'92t been jimmied. It had been opened by a pro. And then closed gently. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 Six cigarettes and one glass of cheap whine later I sat at the last place in portland whee you can smoke and drink at the bar itself. It was 10 blocks away from the trunk that had betrayed me. Having all that nicotine buzzing thru my brain knit some neurons together. 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 The porch sitters. They were the only ones that knew anything was in there. Up at all hours of the day and night, watching my comings and goings They must have seen it last night when I got home and opened the truck to check they hadn\'92t shifted during the very careful driving I had done to avoid detection. The late night cops in portland still watched for easy dui numbers and it was towards the end of the month. \
\
\
Despite being sober as a judge, I was tired from the push through my head fear of getting the stuff. Xerxes had just left the door open a skidge, and went off shift 3 hours prior, so as to hopefully avoid detection. None of the cameras back there were on- it was a new store and they hadn\'92t had time to hook that up yet. \
\
\
I had parked  couple blocks aay- all that new fangled technology wasn\'92t going to be all that heavy, and while they hadn\'92t hooked up the cams, that didn\'92t mean the exterior of the building wasn\'92t equipped. I was wearing all black and soft sneaers- the door had been edged open by sticking something into it between the 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 Pick it up at 10 cigarettes 
\f0 \

\f1 No honor among thieves 
\f0 \

\f1 Stealing them back from the drug dealers
\f0 \

\f1 Delivering them to blaine? Back to the west hills
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1 \cf0 Toward my house not necessary 
\f0 \

\f1 Over explained the cash problem 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
}