{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 The world is on edge. Finding unused and hidden rooms. The government uses Mark to kill one of the drug cartel guys. He and Elisa end up being Mr and Mrs Smith - he doesn\'92t know that she kills people too. The Doom Machine is really the IMF gone wild \
\
\
\
		
\f1\fs36 \cf2 answer ask lie 
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\
He got up and hucked his empty at the dune he couldn't see in the dark. The bottle shattered, but the sound was swallowed by the big boned night.. Usually the air chafed him- whatever room he was in was always too small.\
\
Two was watching him. He could feel it in the dark. Two always watched - he came along and smiled and did the work but wasn't much of a travelling companion. He never spoke unless spoken to, never offered any portion of himself that wasn't absolulely necessary. Then again in the 2300's no one was anything anymore. Everyone just what was called for. You got your chit, were told where to go and showed up and did the job. \
\
He tossed another log on the fire. They stayed outside because he wanted to see the sun rise. It never rose over cities anymore- the smog and the crap from the Doom Machine never allowed for the rays to come in anymore. \
\
The work they did wasn't hard. It had taken less then the time the chit had proscribed.\
\
You didn't go back early- if you did that you skewed the stats and the Agency didn't like that. So after all the bols and veneers had been scalloped and the fine tuning done, they packed up and tossed a tent in the back of the AvaHighline they had rented. The truck was a sqare with hoverlift wheels, allowing you to float over whatever it was you were going over. It ran on ether- that stuff that people in the 21st century had used to put people to sleep before surgery. \
\
He was watching the horizon, hoping that the sun would come soon. It was cold. There was something that was coming- and he just didn't know what it was . It had been coming for a while. \
\
\
 \
\
She tried to roll over . It wasn't working real well , this sleeping alone thing. His stertorous breathing was her metronome, the thing she matched her own to while the swirling of her mind kept going and going. Once she matched, she could finally traipse to dreamland for a while. It was populated with all kinds of monsters from past and present, but at least it was not the waking world.\
\
\
She knew that he would eventually come back- he always did. It was the waiting- she tried to keep occupied- house cleaned, face creamed, legs shaved, books re-roganized. Sometimes she would pull everything out of the closet and re arrange it in careful rows, minding the pre- existing chaos so she could out it back before he came home. That was how she found the guns. \
\
They were in a large wooden box that was almost at the end of the closet. It was an old house and the closet got smaller towards the back end. it was almost completely wedged in there, and she had to climb up  to the stair on the ladder taht stated you should not use it as a step. Fuck the little label, she did anyway, feeling it asway beneath her legs standing firm on it. she piched her knees to steady it, her superior grasp of the physics of her physicality saving her from tumbling backwards and cracking open her skull, but not before the visual flashed through her head. \
\
She slipped a hand between the box and the wall, , and wiggled. It slowly gave way. Gently she eased it out, pushing aside the clothes and the detritus of a life.\
\
She eased it back, surprised at the weight. She toed the next rung, slowly re- adjusting so she could get down without falling. \
 \
She sat back on the bed. Opening the box there were two guns , nestled like dead lovers in the satin box. They were old, from the 20th century at least. She picked one up and was interested in the feeling of weight. Bringing it close to her eyes she saw the name on it \'93Glock\'94. She said it out loud, breaking the stillness of the house. \
\
\
\
The sound of the coyotes ripped away sleep again. Lying on his back in the sleeping bag the seams of the tent formed an endless bowl . To his half awake eyes. Looking at his glowy watch it was another possible 45 minutes of sleep or just giving in and getting up to head back towards Elisa. . His lower half was excited about seeing her. The rest of him wasn\'92t sure that having to hear her speak would be worth the rest of it. She was supposed to be a helpmate- all she was was deadweight at this point. Her emotional problems, inability to speak without screaming about some real or perceived slight had driven a wedge between them long ago that allowed him to leave months at a time and not miss her soft body too much. Then again, if i=he had chosen someone easier to live with, it would hurt more to leave her. \
\
 The early morning sounds of 4 am were soft-the weight of the gun felt right in her hand. Putting the gun bak in it\'92s small coffin she dressed in the half dark. Boots, jeans and t shirt were quick and right . She carried the box down the stairs and walked out into the back yard. Mark left the shooting targets up from the last time he came home with the AK- he loved to obliterate lines of bottles and cans while drinking l water glasses filled with straight whiskey. For a man who claimed to love peace he sure did love the sound of the gun. \
\
\
\
Two had packed up the site by the time Mark woke up the second time. The buzzards were circling in the desert morning, about a mile distant. Something must have died overnight, perhaps the coyotes taking down a peccary. Getting in the hover car it started with a flick of the switch and took the road without a second thought. Two was driving since Mark didn\'92t care. Pressing a button on the console coffee appeared in front of both of them. \
\
\'93Sleep OK? \'93\
Two nodded yes. \
\'93You?\'94\
\'93Yes\'94\
The next 30 miles passed in silence unbroken. \
\
Elisa sighted the barrel in line with the first can. The trigger squeeze was natural and the shot was as expected, barked and spit and clang . Again. Again. Again. \
\
Two and Mark arrived in Mexico City with time to spare.\
The pink stucco building that held the office had tiled stairs and a stylized lion on either side of the stairs ,  on the corner of Calle Verdad and Ave de Chapultapec. \
 Major Perez-Hernandez looked at them with dim eyes as they handed in there chits.Major Perez- Hernandez \'93Thank you for your service. Are they all dead? \'93\
Two shot a look at Mark- he nodded. \
Mark said \'93yes \'93 \
\
Elisa pulled the trigger again. Until there was no ammo left and the air smelled like it. \
\
The airport was filled with people who looked like they had no idea where they were going. Mark wasn\'92t one of them. His purposeful stride and brilliant red hair allowed her to sight him almost instantly in the flood of people .He and Two had separated at the gate, until the next time. \
\
 Getting into the car he grunted at her, She grunted back, cigarette held at an angle that didn\'92t waft the smoke away from him. \
\
She presented a cheek and he pecked it. \
\
The glock sat in the console . He raised an eyebrow but said nothing. \
\
\'93The monsters are back\'94\
\'93Did you expect anything different?\'94 \
He looked at her profile. It was inconclusive. That was what made him stay with her. \
\
\
They discover that cigarettes are good for you \
Why is the gun so old- she finds her own guns \
Loaded or not loaded \
She needs to go find ammo \
\
More future details \
IMF has gone nutty \
Possibly 2030 \
}