{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 . He had been a vacuum cleerr repair man in Indiana up to the moment when his wife delivered their third child, cementing his fate as a wage slave forever. \
\
After the birth  he held her hand tenderly, met his newborn son and kissed him on the forehead. The white clad nurse, all sturdy midwestern trustworthiness held the little boy with steady arms, looking down on him with something akin to disbelief . \
\
 after he kissed his forehead and made his excuses that he had been there for 12 hours while the labor of reproductions had transpired, he walked down the stairs of the hospital, rounding each landing from the 6
\fs18 \super th
\fs28 \nosupersub  floor. The echo of his foots steps kept him company. \
\
. His mother had the other two children, which gave him the opportuneity to clean out the bank account, pack a bag and find a bus ticket to California. He left the car for her. And about 30$. It was the last they ever saw of him, despite her father hiring a private detective to find him.\
\
Colette had beautiful golden hair that reached well past her shoulder blades. Her farm strong fingers played a mean proud mary In the glinting california sun it looked like a halo, and that was what Alan banked on as he decided that it was time to be a church. Her delicate features and childish aspect inspired  }