{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The death of Colette Ryan\
\
Theme- coming of age \
\
\
Colette Ryan was born in Lebanon  Pennsylvania in the summer of 1947. \
\
The trees and forests surrounding gave way to large fields with grain crops. That day was one where the moon still held teh sky hostage at 8 AM. The town was about full with people who had used to have many things to do, but no longer had that many. They ambled rather than ran. Her birth was attended by her mother's sister  Clayre who was a midwife. \
\
\
 Coming out of her mother had taken more hours than a workday, less than a full turn of the sun.  Mumma lay on the bed, spent from her endeavors and knowing that the child that was here would not stay. Her Father was a wandered- she would be too. Even in the womb, she had sloshed one way and the other, whenever she rolled from one side of her to the other the baby felt as though she was bracing herself inside. Her father had impregnated her after returning from The War- and then he went away to look for work, and gradually disappeared, the money sent from California becoming sporadic and then stopping, like the needle. \
\
\
Her Aunt brought her to the window after wiping the mucous out of her nose and snipping the cord.\
The window showed a face that looked like a button, mouth turned down and wide eyes. Her aunt started at the knowing look in them, seeming to come from a much older soul. \
\
\
Mumma would remonstrate her later about being foolish. Clayre would just smile. \
\
\
\
She sang as she walked home from her job at the local Acme, the grim warehouse of food where she wore a navy pinafore over her hiphuggers and gauzy shirt. Pressing buttons on the cash register, making change, mechanically smiling at the same people purchasing the same food over and over. She had finished high school the \
\
"All the leaves are brown\'85..and the sky is grey\'85 I' been for a walk - on a winter's day\'85 . It was a winter's day, 1967. Her wooly coat didn't cover her pinafore, and as she trudged through the snow it caught between her thighs. The road was about 3 miles from her mother's house, a tightly packed colonial in a suburb that was more of afterthought than anything else.The unrelenting sameness of the houses was enough to make her heart hurt- she longed for some type of adventure that didn't end in some flannel shirted boy trying to grab her breasts.  \
\
\
\
\
They had posters up in the bus station - and it said "Berkeley California- 75$" She reckoned that 25$ she would have left over from her 100$ birthday gift was enough to start a life. Especially in the golden land that was California. She had seen hippies on the small black and white set that stared back at the floral settee in the front room.  Knowing that they were there and she was here made her yearn for her people- yearn for a place where her voice would blend with others in a sweet harmony. \
\
\
\
The splatter of muddy water that hit the back and sides of her legs interrupteed her reverie. Cold trickled inside her socks and came to rest inside her shoes, making them squishy and squelch as she continued her trudge up the hill. She slammed into the house with a heavy sigh- mumma was in the kitchen, making bread dough. The overhead light shone through her blonde hair, picking out the silvery threads. \
\
"What's for dinner? "\
\
"Wash up and set the table- whatever it is - you'll eat it and like it!" \
\
Another heavy sigh from Colette as she made her way to the bathroom at the end of the long hallway. She shrugged off her coat and pinafore, tossing it disdainfully into a heap underneath the coat hook. She looked in the mirror, her stick straight auburn hair framing a pale, strong jawed face. Her eyes were a peculiar shade of hazel, lighter brown  on the inside ring. Crazy eyes, her mumma called them. The look in them was usually one of general distrust leavened with a dash of defiance. The constant shade of her feather's departure \
made her mother kind of crazy, \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
She It was five years later, and she had found out that life among the hippies was not all sunshine and firelflies dancing through the california sun. There were many days wehr it was hot and grumpy, and she rellly had not berought enough money to make a totally new life. It ended with her being in a women's shelter, and making the most of that while she looked for work. Mumma didn' know0 nd shew asnt foing to tell her anything until she got herself yo herself. \
\
The first few years she had hooked up with a motorcycle cgand, some guy had picked her up in the bus station offering her food and a place to sytay dumbly naive she spent a year being passed around to various biker men, none of whom cared abotu her dream of beicoming a writer\
\
She went to look for her father- mumma hadn't told her whoat he was, but with some sleugthing through the archives of teh local library she discovered he was the one of the people on Mccarthy's list, liing in  a small room off od Cuhenha blvd. He had become and old queen, gesturing at her with hhis cigrette holder , but fascinated by his stories of life in the movies. He was a fag, but he was also a drag queen who had many shows that she got hwatch from the curtains The little family that he had accrued around hismslef was kind and loveing\
\
\
Her father came looking for her- mumma had founf him when she had not come home and she fonf the ote from her , telling hr that the golden land was where she wsa headed. Mumma didn't miss her, but did miss the money she brough t in. It took about 20 days before "unlce " bert moved into the house where she grew up. At one point she appealed to her mother to ket her om back home, and she was told that there was no room for her anymore- so she was not going back therel \
\
\
Then she decided that the world was going to start stepping to her tune, no matter what. Afte r moving out of the women's shelter and onto ia boarding house, she started taking classes at the ommunity college. A professor tooj interst nin her desire to learm and send her on to better schooling \
\
\
\
\
\
The motoo guys loed her and came to all her shows. She turned into a performance artists, dancing time with the drag queens behind her. \
\
A  starving made her go pick frui and weed up in Humbodlt county, giving her some money to live on The work was hard, and it caused her to have alifelong fondness for the weed When pop was dying of the new disease that the was killing gay men all over LA, she would gently ligth the piop for him, enduring the ciughing fits that she would go through as a way to ease the sickness from the bruatl cockatil of drugs he was fed in an effort to keep the sickness at bay. \
\
\
\
\
She met a man- she met many men. None of them held her heart but they filled space when tgey were there. There was a butcher , a backer acansdlestck maker- someoen always bleninging into one another after al while. Sometimes she remembered their names, sometimes they stopped being present so abruprly she had no expecttation og every seeing them again. S as she becoem more successful sometimes one would put a hand out, as if from the grave, hoping for couple dollars or a bag of weed to keep him afloat until he founf the ext firl to pay his rent and sustain his mind. \
\
\
\
\
\
Until that one day- that was a day she had no idea what to do again This mn kept coming into the gallery where she worked , looking at her like she was cae and she was starving. Distinguusied, he had grey hair at the tmples and kind eyes. His swimmers body looked like something she was familiar with, bt not acquaited with yet. He came over to her and introduced himself as someone with something going on in his life. He had no idea that the eyes he looked into whad so many miles on them- sje was still youthfal, still moved with abounce and click. He didn;t whether she would take him on, until he started coming tround all the time, keavubg her little gifts ere and there. A  scarf, a brownie, sometimes just a rock that had a strange shape. His mouth had some laughter writ into it, and the lines round his eyes are hinted at someone who watched the world wit h some trepocation. \
\
so she deceide to let him some her at her beach house- whick waht where he decided to be as much as possible . the ocean soother her, and it's sounds and sights fed her weary heart. Each morning when the sun rose she saluted it in true calfornian fashion, standing on ine foot while presseing her hands togethe over hear eart . So many adventures she had, the ability t fly to here and there being the thing that made him a someone whe wanted to talk to every day. She was home, that place she had been looking for all the time and thta was athere and not alone. \
\
\
Knowing this, she blew up the bridge anyway. After all, the PLA expected that she would be that person. Her time spent with Charles Manson taught her how ot make a bomb, but didn't teahc her how to get by in teh world. Mumma was never seen again, until she had to return to the homeplace after she died }